# Coromisin12
The roles of Education cannot be overemphasized in all ramifications of live,in which Education is seen as a tool the provide solution to any problems that can showcase as a result of human activities or naturally. This make Education to remain a core to natural stability, security, medical challenges and also an instrument for political, economic growth and development. When other profession fails, Education will continue to take a lead in all experiences, that an individual is exposed to, which bring about positive improvement on skills, attitude and knowledge that can improve the environment in which we live.This prone to research carryout by Microbiologist Medical student and Educationalist in which we arrived at antidote that have the higher tendency of curing Coronavirus name Annonia Muticata (Botanical name). Annonia Muricata is a tree that process many chemical components such as Rutin, Blumenol, Reticular, Coreximin, Coclaurine, Stepharine, Anonaine, Isolareline, Xylopine, Gallic Acid, Catcehin, Muricapentocin, Annohexocin, Chlorogenic Acid Annomuricin Annomutacin, Annonamine, Corossoline, Javarucin Corepoxylone, Squamosin,Xylomaticin, Bulatacin, Rolliniastatin, Murihexol, Bullatin and Keampferol. The back,stem and leave comprises the properties, the seed and fruit contain Phytochemical, the leaf oils contain Sesquiterpenes Caryophyllene . Annonia Muricata can also severs as Antimicrobial, Antiprotozoal and Antiviral.The leave extract of Annoina Muricata (Coromisin) which have been tested at 95% level of significant and have the potentials of curing all the symptoms of corona virus such running nose, sore throat, fever, cough and difficult in breathing within three (3) days with dosage. This Antidote have verified, tested and also available for further testing and reesting.This cannot be revealed physically, it can only be deduced through Metaphysics(beyond physical realm) which can interpret through Epistemology (knowledge) of Revelation. What had happened to the world have answer a philosophical question, WHO IS GOD? He said it in his word my people perish because they lack knowledge (wisdom) he completed it when he says the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. Hear the word of the Lord you nations. I am Yahweh, and the is no other, there is no God but me. I will strengthen you, through you do not know me. So that all may know from the rising of the sun to It's setting that there is no one but me. I am Yahweh, and there is no other. I form light and create darkness I make sucess and create disaster, I Yahweh, do all these things. I was sought by those who did not ask, I was found by those who did not seek me. I said Here I am, here I am, to nation that was not called by my name. I spread out My hands all day long to a rebellious people who walk in the wrong path, following their own throught.These people continually provoke me to my face, sacrificing in garden burning incense on bricks sitting among the graves, spending nights in serect places eating the meat of pigs and putting polluted broth in their bowls.They say,' keep to yourself, don't come near me, for I am too holy for you! There practices are smoke in my nostrils a fire that burn all day long. It is written before Me: I will not keep silent but I will repay; I will repay them fully for your iniquities and the inquiries of your father together, Say the Lord. "Because they burned incense on the mountains and reproached Me on the hills, I will reward them fully for their former deeds." The Lord say this As the new wine is found in a bunch of grapes and one says, 'Don't destroy it, for there's some good in it so I will act because of My servants and not destroy them all. I will produce descendants from Jacob, and heirs to My mountain from Judah; My chosen one will possess it and My servants will dwell there. Sharon will be a pasture for flocks and the valley of Achor a place for cattle to lie down, from My people who have sought Me. But you who abandon the Lord, who forget My holy mountain like, who prepare a table for fortune and fill bowls of mixed wine for Destiny, I will destine you for the sword and all of you will kneel down to be slaughtered because I called you you did not answer, I spoke you did not hear; you did what was evil in My sight and chose what I did not delight in. Who is the one to understand the misery of the realm? Education is the word of wisdom ( Holy Bible) which is also seen as the only legacy you can give to your child to overcome the challenges of live. Education is also a word of wisdom given by Great Educationist(God) to instruct and correct our way In this prevented world. He said it in His word, Instead this is the covenant I will make with the house of Israel " I will put my teaching within them and write it on their hearts". With this that is why Education is seen as a tool that provides solution to any problems that can showcase as a result of human activities ( Sin ) or naturally ( diseases disaster and plauges). This make Education (word of wisdom) to remain a "Core"(Top) to national stability, security , medical challenges and also an instrument for political ( Government) economic growth and development ( Wealth) When other profession fails, Education (word of wisdom ) will continue to take a lead in all experiences that an individual is exposed to, which bring about positive improvement on skills, attitude and knowledge that can improve the environment in which we live ( Earth).This prone to research carryout by Microbiologist, Medical student and Educationist. { This lay emphasis on trinity, Microbiologist (Holy Spirit ) Medical student (Jesus Christ) in which their existence rely on Great Educationist (God)}. Jesus replied to them " The health don't need a doctor but the sick do. I have not come to call the righteous but sinner to repentance" Luke 5 vs 31. In which we arrive at Antidote that have the higher tendency of curing Coronavirus ( disease) name " Annonia Muricata" { Naturally create by God which comprises all chemical components that researchers cannot give the amount of chemical components  it comprises}. Exodus 15 vs 5 says, so he cried out to the Lord and the Lord showed him a tree when he threw it into the water it become drinkable . Am drawing my conclusion by saying " He makes the earth by His power and established the world by His wisdom and spread out the heavens by His understanding, when He thunders, the waters in the heavens are turmoil and He cause the clouds to rise from the ends of the earth. He makes lightning for the rain and brings the wind from His storehouses.•Yahwel of Host is His name. Hint: The tree " Annonia Muticata " also know as Shawacoup tree, According to researchers this tree can be find in some countries such Brazil, Florida, (Africa) Nigeria and Island. Annonia Muricata ( Shawacoup tree) has been used for centuries to treat many illnesses such as cancer, diabetes, hypertension, hypotension, respiratory difficulties and it's also used to boost immune system, etc. According to Pharmacologist, By mere looking at the fruits, it tells us the work it does. For example tomatoes is good for the heart by mere looking, it take the picture of heart. Carrots is good for the eye when you cut it into two and look inside it take a picture of an eye. Let take a look at the structure of the fruit which looks like kidney and the outer layer of Shawacoup fruit and take a picture of the virus they look alike, what can fight a virus the solution must look alike as well. It is hire time for us to appreciate the gift of nature given to us by God, rather than boosting of work done by our hands.
